README.md, before:

# Professional-README-Generator

  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [Contributions](#contributions)
  * [License](#license)

  ## Description
  The motivation for this project was to use the npm inquirer package to create an application that takes user input and creates a README file. This way the user can better focus on working on their project.

  Working this project I was able to further my knowledge about the inquirer npm package and it's functionality including the editor and choices prompt.

  In the future I would like to be able to add additional questions to gain more information on the project. Also, the ability to opt of some questions that are not relevant to the project that the README is for.

  ## Installation
  In order to install the required dependencies you can run 'npm innit -y' and then 'npm i' in your terminal.

  ## Usage
  

  ## Tests
  n/a

  ## Questions  
  If you have any questions you can reach me at martin7mondaca@gmail.com

 or via my GitHub [martinmondaca](https://github.com/martinmondaca)

  ## Contributions
  For any contributionns you can reach me at martin7mondaca@gmail.com

 or via my GitHub [martinmondaca](https://github.com/martinmondaca)

  ## License
  Licensed under MIT License license.

Commit message:

added gif with application walkthrough

README.md, after:

# Professional-README-Generator

  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Walkthrough](#walkthrough)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [Contributions](#contributions)
  * [License](#license)

  ## Description
  The motivation for building this project was the desire to use the npm inquirer package to create an application that takes user input and creates a professional README for a new project. This allows the user to better focus their time on their project.

  Working on this project I was able to further my knowledge about the inquirer npm package and it's functionality including the editor and choices prompt.

  In the future I would like add additional prompts in order to gain more information on the project that the README is for, so that the README can be better fleshed out. I would also like to add the ability to opt of questions that are not relevant to the project.

  ## Installation
  In order to install the required dependencies you can run 'npm i' in your terminal.

  ## Usage
  1. After you have installed all required dependencies, use the following command in your terminal: 'node index.js'.
  1. You will then receive prompts for information regarding your projects including the project title, your email, GitHub username, etc.
    * Some of the prompts will open up an editor in your terminal so that you can provide usage, installation, and test instructions.
    * Please precede each step with '1. '.
    * When finished using the editor, hit the ESC key on your keyboard, type ':wq' and hit ENTER.
  1. A file titled 'sampleREADME.md' will then be created containing the README for your project.
  1. You can create further README files for other projects by running the 'node index.js' command in your terminal.
   * Please note that this will overwrite anything that is alredy in the 'sampleREADME.md' file so make sure to save any changes into another directory if you would like to keep those changes.

  ## Walkthrough

  ![Application usage gif](media/sampleREADME.gif)

  ## Tests
  n/a

  ## Questions  
  If you have any questions you can reach me at martin7mondaca@gmail.com or via my GitHub [martinmondaca](https://github.com/martinmondaca)

  ## Contributions
  For any contributionns you can reach me at martin7mondaca@gmail.com or via my GitHub [martinmondaca](https://github.com/martinmondaca)

  ## License
  Licensed under MIT License license.
